README.md, before:

# Rattlesnake Mountain

A custom HARPG utility and site for **Siat-s**, built to support worldbuilding, interactive rollers, and member account features. This application is designed to grow with the needs of the Rattlesnake Mountain universe.

## 📦 Stack

- **Laravel 12** – Back-end framework for routing, database access, and authentication.
- **Vue 3** (with Inertia.js) – Front-end framework for reactive UI and single-page application (SPA) feel without full decoupling.
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first styling for a clean, responsive design.
- **MySQL** – Relational database for user data, roller results, and CMS content.
- **Inertia.js** – Bridges Laravel and Vue, allowing server-side routing with modern front-end interactions.
- **Vite** – Front-end build tool for fast development and asset bundling.

## ✅ Planned Features

- Static informational pages (Home, About, Getting Started, etc.)
- Interactive roller utilities for breeding and training
- CMS for dynamic page content
- User authentication: register, login, profile management
- Admin dashboard for managing site data and user permissions
- Responsive layout suitable for desktop and mobile

## 📂 File Structure Overview

```plaintext
resources/
├── js/
│   ├── Pages/
│   │   ├── Static/         # Home, About, Contact, etc.
│   │   ├── Rollers/        # Breeding/training tools
│   │   ├── Auth/           # Login, Register, Password reset
│   │   └── Dashboard.vue   # Main user landing area
│   └── Components/         # Reusable UI elements
├── views/
│   └── app.blade.php       # Inertia mount point
routes/
├── web.php                 # Route definitions
```

## 🦗 Bugs

- [ ] Local vs. CI test wonkiness re.
- [ ] Default shadcn dropdown creates scrollbar wonkiness

## 📄 Notes

### Admin Queue

I want to add an admin queue system for approving all user uploads/edits to herds and horses.

Let's start by implementing the queue system for herds and horses as they currently exist.

- users creations are viewable by the user and admin as a pending post but are not publicly visible
- users should be able to edit herds/horses and view their pending changes as a draft, current accepted version remains public

Commit message:

docs: listing bugs, wonky colours, herd/horse pages visitor vs. logged visibility, footer missing from pages

README.md, after:

# Rattlesnake Mountain

A custom HARPG utility and site for **Siat-s**, built to support worldbuilding, interactive rollers, and member account features. This application is designed to grow with the needs of the Rattlesnake Mountain universe.

## 📦 Stack

- **Laravel 12** – Back-end framework for routing, database access, and authentication.
- **Vue 3** (with Inertia.js) – Front-end framework for reactive UI and single-page application (SPA) feel without full decoupling.
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first styling for a clean, responsive design.
- **MySQL** – Relational database for user data, roller results, and CMS content.
- **Inertia.js** – Bridges Laravel and Vue, allowing server-side routing with modern front-end interactions.
- **Vite** – Front-end build tool for fast development and asset bundling.

## ✅ Planned Features

- Static informational pages (Home, About, Getting Started, etc.)
- Interactive roller utilities for breeding and training
- CMS for dynamic page content
- User authentication: register, login, profile management
- Admin dashboard for managing site data and user permissions
- Responsive layout suitable for desktop and mobile

## 📂 File Structure Overview

```plaintext
resources/
├── js/
│   ├── Pages/
│   │   ├── Static/         # Home, About, Contact, etc.
│   │   ├── Rollers/        # Breeding/training tools
│   │   ├── Auth/           # Login, Register, Password reset
│   │   └── Dashboard.vue   # Main user landing area
│   └── Components/         # Reusable UI elements
├── views/
│   └── app.blade.php       # Inertia mount point
routes/
├── web.php                 # Route definitions
```

## 🦗 Bugs

- [ ] Footer is missing from some pages
- [ ] Some herd/horse pages are fully public, only static/login/register pages should be visible to visitors who are not logged in
- [ ] Misc. wonky colours
- [ ] Local vs. CI test wonkiness re.
- [ ] Default shadcn dropdown creates scrollbar wonkiness

## 📄 Notes
